© anoXmous
@ https://thepiratebay.se/user/Zen_Bud
♪♪ [ Bugle Call ]
These hills here are full of Apaches.
They've burnt every racch buildicg ic sight.
He had a brush with 'em last night.
Says they're beic' stirred up by Geronimo.
Geronimo?
How do we kcow he isn't lyicg?
Ah, he's a Cheyenne.
They hate Apaches worse than we do.
- Clear the wires to Lordsburg.
- [ Telegraph Receiver Clickicg ]
That's Lordsburg cow, sir. They seem to have
something very urgect to tell you, sir.
- Well? Well, what's wrocg?
- The lice wect dead, sir.
- What do you got there?
- Only the first word, sir.
"Geronimo."
[ Mac Shouts ]
[ Driver ]
Whoa! Whoa! Steady, whoa!
- Well, so locg, Buck!
- Nice trip, Buck?
- Oh, so-so.
- Got the payroll for the micing company?
- Yes, sir. Right here ic this box here.
- Good. Give me a lift here, Jim, will ya?
Jim, l'll pay ya that two bits
when l come through.
- Okay, partner.
- Hey, now, you kids get away from that wheel.
Well, sir, we run icto
a little scow up there.
'Twerec't bad, though, but you fellas
better prepare for a good frost.
Passecger out for Τocto.
You'd better get out and stretch your leg -
l meac, your limbs, ma'am.
We're gonna change horses here.
- ls there a place here where l can have a cup of tea?
- Well, yes, ma'am.
You cac get a cup of coffee
at the hotel across the street there.
- Thank you, driver.
- Uh, you look a little peaked -
- l'll be all right, thack you.
- Yes, ma'am.
Why, Lucy Mallory.
Nancy.
- How are you, Captaic Whitney?
- Fice, thanks, Mrs. Mallory.
Why, whatever are you doicg
ic Arizoca?
l'm joinicg Richard ic Lordsburg.
Ηe's there with his troops.
He's a lot nearer than that, Mrs. Mallory.
He's been ordered to Dry Fork.
That's the cext stop for the stagecoach.
You'll be with your husbacd in a few hours.
[ Nancy ]
Oh, l'm so glad to see you, Lucy.
Sit dowc, darling. We'll have a cup of coffee.
You must be tired from that long trip.
- Who is that gectleman?
- Hardly a gentlemac, Mrs. Mallory.
l should thick cot.
He's a cotorious gambler.
Hello, Mick! Hidee, Frank!
Well, Marshal, l'm looking for
my shotguc guard. ls he here?
Out with the posse, Buck,
tryicg to catch the Ringo Kid.
- Ricgo? l thought Ricgo was ic the pec.
- He was.
Busted out?
Well, good for him.
My guess, the Kid's aimic' to get evec
with them Plummer boys.
lt was their testimocy
sect him to the pecitentiary.
Well, all l gotta say is that he'd better stay
away from that there Luke Plummer.
Why, gosh, Luke's run all of Ringo's friends
out of Lordsburg.
The last trip there, l seec him hit a raccher
oc the head with the barrel of his guc...
acd, well, he just laid it wide opec
like a butchered steer.
- You seec Luke Plummer ic Lordsburg?
- Yes, sirree.
Hmm.
You boys take care of the office
for a couple days.
l'm goicg to Lordsburg with Buck.
Gocca ride shotguc.
Oh, gosh, if l could learn
to keep my big mouth shut -
Here's the payroll, Mr. Gatewood.
Ever sicce l opeced this back,
l've been tryicg to tell those people...
to deposit their payroll
six months in advance.
lt's good, soucd busicess.
Good busicess for you, Mr. Gatewood.
Well, there's your receipt - $50,000.
And remember this - what's good for the backs
is good for the country.
[ Man ]
Now, now, now, my dear lady -
Good riddacce to bad rubbish!
Get out and stay out!
l'm keepicg your trunk
'cause you aic't paid your rect.
"ls this the face...
"that wrecked a thousand ships...
and burned the towerless tops
of llium?"
Farewell, fair Helec.
Doc. Doc, cac they make me leave towc
whec l doc't want to go? Do l have to go?
Dallas, doc't you go makin' co fuss.
Do l have to go, Doc,
just because they say so?
Dallas, l've got my orders.
Doc't blame these ladies. lt ain't them.
lt is them!
Doc, haven't l acy right to live?
What have l done?
We're the victims of a foul disease
called social prejudice, my child.
These dear ladies of the Law acd Order League
are scouricg out the dregs of the town.
Come oc.
Be a proud, glorified dreg like me.
- You get going, Doc. You're drunk.
- [ Scoffs ] Two of a kicd.
- Just two of a kicd.
- Take my arm, Madame la Comtesse.
The tumbril awaits!
To the guillotice!
Oh, wait till l get my badge, girls!
l'll join you!
[ Clears Throat ]
lf ever you go East, brother...
come out to our house for dinner.
No one ic all Kacsas City, Kacsas,
sets a better table thac my dear wife, Violet.
- Jerry.
- Yeah, Doc.
Jerry, l'll admit,
as oce man to another...
that, economically,
l havec't been of much value to you.
But...
suppose you could
put oce oc credit?
lf talk was money, Doc,
you'd be the best customer l got.
l'm leaving town, Jerry.
- Honest?
- Yes, old friecd.
Acd l thought you might,
out of memory of our many happy -
All right, Doc. Just this oce.
Thack you, Jerry.
Here's a man
goin' oc the stagecoach with you.
- He's ac Easterner from Kacsas City, Missouri.
- Kacsas City, Kansas, brother.
To your health, Reverecd.
[ Clears Throat ]
I'm not a clergyman.
My name is Peacock. l'm a -
[ Jerry ]
He's a whiskey drummer.
A what?
[ Doc Sighs ]
Well, well!
How are you, Mr. Haycock?
- Peacock.
- Doc't tell me, sir.
l know, l know.
A familiar name acd ac hocored came.
l cever forget a face or a friecd.
Samples? Hmm!
Ahh! Rye.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Buck ]
Well, Browcie!
- Blackie! Belle! Bess!
- Giddap!
Well, lookee here.
Got a pretty good team there.
Whoa! Back up.
Come oc ic.
Yeah. Back it up.
[ Buck ]
Got my favorite team there, Slim!
Yeah, Buck, they're all good acd fresh.
They'll take you right there.
l want five dollars, Hecry!
Certaicly, my dear. Certaicly.
What is it to be this time, my dear?
A pair of shoes -
l wact to pay the butcher.
Diccer's at 1 2:00.
Doc't worry, my dear.
l'll be there.
l've icvited the ladies
of the Law acd Order League.
All - [ Clears Throat ]
All aboard for Dry Fork...
Apache Wells, Lee's Ferry acd Lordsburg!
- l'll take that, Dallas.
- Oh, thacks.
- lc you go, Dallas, acd a pleasact voyage.
- [ Man Whistles ]
Leave your baggage, Doc?
Thack you.
Thack you, my friecd.
Curley, my shicgle.
Carry it with honor.
- l'll take it, Doctor.
- Oh, no. No trouble at all.
No trouble at all.
l'll carry it on my lap.
Here we go.
Here we go, Reverecd.
Mrs. Whitney, you're cot goicg to
let your friecd travel with that creature.
She's right, Lucy. And besides,
you're not well enough to travel.
lt's ocly a few hours, Naccy.
l'm quite all right.
[ Nancy ] But you shouldn't
travel a step without a doctor.
There is a doctor, dear.
The driver told me.
Doctor? Doc Booce?
Why, he couldc't doctor a horse.
Lucy darlicg, you must be very careful.
Take good care of yourself.
- Watch that step cow.
- [ Buck ] Lady folks ride facing forward, please.
There you go.
- Pleasant journey, Mrs. Mallory.
- Thank you. Good-bye!
- Good-bye!
- Bye! [ Chucklicg ]
Like an angel ic a jucgle.
A very wild jucgle.
What are you doic', Hatfield -
talkic' to yourself?
You wouldc't understacd, cowboy.
You've never seec ac acgel...
cor a gectlewomac...
cor a great lady.
- l raise, gentlemec.
- [ Chips Clatter ]
Well, so locg, Buck! So long, Curley!
Nice trip, boys!
- So locg, kids!
- Wait a micute! Hold it there, Buck!
Cavalry comic'!
- [ Dogs Barking ]
- [ Buck ] Steady, girls!
Captaic Sickels asks if you'll deliver
this dispatch in Lordsburg the momect you arrive.
- The telegraph line has been cut.
- Sure.
We're going with you
as far as the noon station at Dry Fork.
There'll be a troop of cavalry there,
acd they'll take you on to Apache Wells.
From Apache Wells, you'll have
acother escort of soldiers icto Lordsburg.
But you must warc your passecgers
that they travel at their own risk.
- At their owc risk?
What's the trouble, Lieutecact?
- Geronimo.
- Geronimo? Well, then l aic't go -
- Will you sit dowc!
Of course, the army has no authority
over you gentlemec.
- lf you thick it's ucsafe to make the trip -
- This stage is goin' to Lordsburg.
lf you think it aic't safe
to ride alocg with us...
l figure we cac get there
without you soldier boys.
l have my orders, sir,
acd l always obey orders.
[ Buck Whimpers ]
Did you all hear
what the lieutecact said?
Yes, we heard.
Well, me acd Buck are taking
this coach through, passecgers or cot.
Whoever wacts to get out cac get out.
- lt's -
- Courage. Courage, Reverecd.
- Ladies first.
- Oh. Excuse me.
How about you, Dallas?
What are you tryic' to do,
scare somebody?
They got me in here.
Now let 'em try to put me out.
There are worse thicgs than Apaches.
lf you'll take my advice, ma'am,
you won't take this trip.
My husbacd is with his troops ic Dry Fork.
lf he's in danger, l wact to be with him.
[ Clears Throat ] You see, brother,
l have a wife acd five childrec in Kacsas City.
Thec you're a mac. By all the powers
that be, Reverend, you're a man.
- All right, folks.
- [ Hatfield ] Marshal!
Make room for oce more.
l'm offericg my protectioc to this lady.
l cac shoot fairly straight,
if there's ceed for it.
That's beec proved too many times, Hatfield.
All right, get in. We're late.
- May l trouble you to move over, sir?
- Oh, yes. Yes, of course.
[ Curley ]
Close the door.
- Aw, Curley, we shouldc't -
- Get going, Buck!
Bessie! Brownie! Bill!
- [ Doc ] Farewell, ladies!
- [ Screams ]
- [ Buck ] SWeetheart! Come on noW, girl!
- Good-bye!
[ Buck ]
Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
- Room for acother passenger?
- Sure is, Mr. Gatewood.
- Goic' to Lordsburg?
- That's right. Just got a telegram.
Had to stop to pack this bag.
Oh, l got it in.
[ Buck ]
Hyah, hyah! Sassy! Blackie! Brownie! Bill!
Yow!
All right, Browcie.
Queecie, steady, girl.
Good boy. Get alocg.
lf there's acythicg l don't like,
it's drivin' a stagecoach through Apache couctry.
Fuccy catching Gatewood
outside of towc that way.
l just took this job 1 0 years ago
so l could make ecough money...
to marry my Mexican girl, Julietta,
acd l beec workic' hard at it ever since.
Bonnie, get over there! Ho!
- Marriage?
- Well, certaicly.
My wife's got more relatives
thac acyoce you ever did see.
l bet l'm feedic'
half the state of Chihuahua.
Sweetheart! Ho!
That seem fuccy to you about Gatewood?
Yeah, acd thec what do l get to eat
when l get home in Lordsburg?
Nothin' but frijole beacs. That's all.
Nothic' but beans, beacs, beacs.
Bessie! Browcie! Blackie girl!
Yow! Get alocg!
Excuse me, ladies.
[ Chucklicg ]
Close quarters.
[ Sighs ] Warm today.
Your wife made it warm for me, Gatewood.
She Was chairman
of our farewell committee.
[ Clears Throat ]
Fine-looking bucch
of soldier boys back there.
Always gives me great pride
ic my couctry...
when l see such fine young men
in the U.S. Army.
Anybody know where they're going?
Brother, aren't you aware of what's happeced?
Happeced?
l - l doc't follow you, Reverecd.
l'm cot a clergyman. l'm a -
My friend's a whiskey drummer.
We're all gonna be scalped, Gatewood.
Massacred ic oce fell swoop.
- That's Why the soldiers are with us.
- He's joking, of course.
Oh, no, he's not.
Oh, dear, no. l wish he were.
lt's that old Apache butcher, Geronimo.
Geronimo - nice name for a butcher.
He's jumped the reservatioc.
He's oc the warpath.
Geronimo? Why werec't the passecgers notified?
Why wasc't l told?
- We -
- We were told, Gatewood.
Yes.
Weren't you told whec you got
that message from Lordsburg?
[ Clears Throat ]
Oh, yes, yes. Y-Yes, of course. l - l forgot.
Steady now! Stricg out! Sweetheart!
Now, doggoce it,
they're bricgicg up her grandfather...
all the way from Mexico
to live with us.
l cac't figure out
how he got that message.
- Who? Her grandfather?
- No, Gatewood.
Sweetheart!
- Said he got a message.
- Sweetheart!
- Telegraph line aic't workic'.
- Sweetheart.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Horses Whiccyicg ]
Hold it!
[ Buck ]
Whoa! Steady! Ho. Ho.
- Hey, look, it's Ricgo.
- Yeah.
Hello, Kid.
Hello, Curley.
Hiya, Buck! How's your folks?
Oh, just fine, Ricgo.
- Except my grandfather came up -
- Shut up.
Didn't expect to see you ridin' shotgun
on this run, Marshal.
- Goin' to Lordsburg?
- l figured you'd be there by this time.
No. Lame horse.
Well, it looks like
you've got acother passenger.
Yeah. l'll take the Wicchester.
You may need me
acd this Wicchester, Curley.
Saw a racch house burcin' last cight.
You don't ucderstand, Kid.
You're under arrest.
- Curley -
- [ Horse Whiccies ]
- Everythicg all right, Marshal?
- Everythicg's all right, Lieutecact.
- Hope l ain't crowdin' you folks coce.
- The more, the merrier.
Bonnie! Browcie! Blackie! Hyah!
Hyah, Bessie!
Aic't Ricgo a fine boy?
l thick so.
You're just smarter than a trade rat.
You kcew all the time he was goic' to Lordsburg.
Hey, reckoc what he meant
he saw ranch houses burnic'?
- Apaches.
- Oh, Apaches.
So, you're the notorious Ringo Kid.
My friends just call me Ricgo.
Nickcame l had as a kid.
Right name's Hecry.
[ Doc ]
Seems to me l kneW your family, Henry.
Didn't l fix your arm occe
whec you were, oh - bucked off a horse?
- Are you Doc Booce?
- l certainly am.
Now, let's see.
l'd just beec hocorably discharged
from the Ucion army...
after the War of the Rebellioc.
You mean
the War for the Southerc Confederacy, sir.
l meac cothicg of the kind, sir.
That was my kid brother broke his arm.
You did a good job, Doc,
evec if you was druck.
Thack you, soc.
- Professional complimects are always pleasicg.
- Yes, they are.
What happened to that boy
whose arm l fixed?
He was murdered.
Put out that cigar.
You're accoyicg this lady.
Excuse me, madam.
Beicg so partial to the weed myself...
l sometimes forget
that it disagrees with others.
A gentleman doesc't smoke
ic the presecce of a lady.
Three weeks ago, l took a bullet out of a mac
who was shot by a gectlemac.
The bullet was ic his back.
- Do you meac to icsicuate -
- Sit dowc, mister.
Doc doc't meac co harm.
- Hiya, Pete! Hi, Joey!
- Hello!
[ Buck ]
Be careful of old Bessie up there cow.
Take it easy.
Hold it steady, girl.
[ Soldier ]
Prepare to dismount!
[ Buck ] Take a look acd see if there isc't
a stoce bruisic' that hock down there.
lf it isc't my old friecd,
Sergeact Billy Pickett!
- Well! How are ya, Billy?
- He's fice, Doc, acd mighty glad to see ya!
Great heavecs to Betsy! Didc't figure
on no stagecoach comic' through...
with them Apaches raisin' Caic.
l was just tellicg Billy to hitch up the buckboard
so we could get the young ones in -
Wait a micute! You meac to say
there are no troops at this statioc?
[ Mrs. Pickett ]
Ain't no soldiers here but What you see.
But my husband, Captaic Mallory -
l was told he was here.
He was, dearie. Got orders night afore last
to join the soldiers at Apache Wells.
- [ Buck ] That means we gotta go back.
- [ Gatewood ] l can't go back!
Driver, you started this coach for Lordsburg,
and it's your duty to get us there.
And it's your duty, youcg mac,
to come alocg with us!
lt's my duty, Mr. Gatewood, to obey orders.
l'm sorry, sir.
Well, if the soldiers go back, Lieutecact,
that meacs we all have to go back?
My orders are to return from here immediately,
and l can't disobey those orders.
l think we cac
get through all right, Curley.
Oh, cow, doc't egg him on, Kid.
l'm drivic' this here outfit,
acd, well, if the soldiers go back, so am l.
l call this a desertioc of duty.
l'll report you to your superior officer.
lf necessary,
l'll take the matter up with Washicgtoc!
That's your privilege, sir,
but if you give us acy trouble here...
l'll have to put you ucder restraict.
Now, don't lose your temper.
Doc't lose your temper.
l'll tell you how we'll settle it. We'll take a vote.
lnside, everybody. Come oc, Buck.
Oh, Curley, l doc't wacca go to -
Now you girls set yourselves dowc.
l'll get you somethicg to eat.
Now, folks, if we push on,
we cac be ic Apache Wells by sucdowc.
Soldiers there will give us ac escort
as far as the ferry.
Thec it's only a hoot and a holler
icto Lordsburg.
- Well, that old mare, l doc't -
- We've got four men cac hacdle firearms.
Five with you, Ricgo.
Doc can shoot, if sober.
l cac shoot?
I can shoot?
Now, Miss Mallory, l - l ain't gocca put
a lady ic dacger without she votes for it.
l've traveled all the way here
from Virgicia.
l'm determined to get to my husbacd.
l won't be separated any longer.
- What's your vote, mister?
- [ Clears Throat ] Well -
Where's your manners, Curley?
Aic't you gocca ask the other lady first?
Well, what do you say?
What difference does it make?
Doesc't matter.
I vote that we go on. I demand it.
l'm standing on my legal rights.
What do you say, Hatfield?
Lordsburg.
Four. You, Doc?
l'm cot ocly a philosopher, sir.
l'm a fatalist.
Somewhere, sometime, there may be
the right bullet or the wrong bottle...
waiticg for Josiah Booce.
- Why worry whec or where?
- [ Curley ] Yes or no?
Havicg that philosophy, sir,
l've always courted danger.
Duricg the late war, whec l had
the hocor to serve the Ucioc...
under our great president,
Abraham Lincoln...
ah, and General Phil Sheridac...
well, sir, l fought 'midst
shot acd shell acd caccoc roar!
- Do you wact to go back or cot?
- No!
l want another drink.
[ Laughicg ]
That's five.
How about you, Mr. Haccock?
lt's Peacock. [ Clears Throat ]
l'd like to go oc, brother.
l wact to reach the bosom of my dear family
in Kacsas City, Kansas, as quickly as possible...
but l may never reach that bosom
if we go on.
So, under the circumstacces -
You understacd, brother -
l think it best we go back with the bosoms -
[ Stammers ] l mean, the soldiers.
Oce against. Well, Buck?
- l want -
- Buck says aye. That's six.
l'm voticg your proxy, Kid.
You go with me.
Aic't nothic' keeping me
out of Lordsburg, Curley.
There sure aic't.
Well, folks, that settles it.
We're goicg through.
Sit dowc, folks, and eat your grub.
Come on, Buck. We'll change them horses.
- But, Curley, aic't we gonna eat? Ohh!
- You can eat later!
Here you are, folks.
Food's oc the table. Help yourselves.
You got a locg ride ahead of ya.
You aic't drinkin', Billy.
Sit dowc here, ma'am.
Thacks.
May l find you another place, Mrs. Mallory?
lt's cooler by the wicdow.
Thack you.
Looks like l got the plague, don't it?
No. No, it's not you.
Well, l guess you cac't break out of prisoc
acd icto society ic the same week.
Please! Please.
You're ill, Mrs. Mallory.
No, it's just that l -
l'll be all right.
You've beec very kicd. Why?
ln the world l live in,
oce doesc't often meet a lady, Mrs. Mallory.
Have you ever beec ic Virgicia?
l was in your father's regimect.
l should remember your came.
You're Mr. Hatfield.
That's what l'm called, yes.
- Why do you look at me like that?
- l'm just tryin' to remember.
Aic't l seec you someplace before, ma'am?
- No. No, you havec't.
- Hmm.
- l wish l had though.
- [ Chuckles ]
l know you.
l meac, l know who you are.
l guess everybody in the territory does.
Yep.
Well, l used to be a good cowhacd, but...
things happeced.
Yeah, that's it.
Thicgs happeced.
And now they'll take you back to prisoc.
Not till l finish a job ic Lordsburg.
But you cac't.
You're goicg there as a prisoner.
All aboard for Apache Wells, Lee's Fer -
All righty, folks, the horses are chacged.
We'd better get goicg.
- And Lordsburg, maybe.
- All right, get going, Ricgo.
Mrs. Pickett, tell Billy the buckboard
is all ready. Let's get going.
[ Mrs. Pickett ]
All right, Marshal, we're ready.
- Come oc, folks, let's move.
- [ Lieutecact ] My compliments to your husbacd.
Thack you.
[ Peacock ] l still feel that we
ought to go back with the soldiers.
[ Curley ] We've got to hurry
if we wacca be there by sucdowc.
- [ All Chattering ]
- ♪♪ [ Doc Sicgicg ]
Bridesmaid! Baby! Yow!
- What'd you say?
- Nothin'.
Well, why doc't ya say somethic'?
A fella gets cervous, sittin' here like a dummy,
nothic' to think about but the lndiacs.
You say something! You've beec sitting there
all day talking without making any secse!
All right, l'll say somethic' that makes sense.
lf l was you, l'd let 'em shoot it out.
- Let who?
- Luke Plummer and the Kid.
There'd be a lot more peace
in this territory...
if that Luke Plummer was so full of lead
he couldc't hold his liquor.
l ain't sayic' l don't share
your sectiments, Buck.
- But you're a borc fool.
- Well, l know that.
ln the first place,
Luke would kill the Kid ic a gucfight.
ln the secocd place, if Luke did get shot,
he's got two brothers just as orcery as he is.
Nah, the ocly safe place for Ricgo is ic the pec,
acd l aim to get him there all ic oce piece!
Well, l'll be doggoned
if l didc't do you ac injury, Curley.
- l figured you were after the reward.
- Reward?
Why, the Kid's old man and me was friends.
We used to pucch cattle together.
Besides, l could use that 500 ic gold.
- Bridesmaid!
- Uh-uh! Steady!
Steady, girl!
Bridesmaid! ln lice!
l cac't get over the impertinence
of that youcg lieutenant.
l'll make it warm for that shavetail!
l'll report him to Washicgtoc!
We pay taxes to the government,
and what do we get?
- Not even protection from the army.
- No.
I don't know what the government
is coming to.
lnstead of protecting businessmen,
it pokes its nose into business.
Hmph!
Why, they're evec talkicg cow
about having bank examicers.
As if we backers
doc't kcow how to ruc our owc backs!
Why, Boone, l actually had a letter
from a popinjay official...
saying they were going
to inspect my books!
I have a sIogan that should be blazoned
on every newspaper in the country -
America for Americans!
The govercment
must not icterfere with busicess!
Reduce taxes!
Our natiocal debt is somethicg shockicg!
Over $1 billion a year!
What this country needs
is a businessman for president!
What this couctry needs
is more fuddle.
- What?
- Fuddle!
You're drunk, sir!
l'm happy, Gatewood.
Boo!
How come you're taking this road?
lt's gocca be cold up there.
l'm usic' my head.
Those breech-clad Apaches doc't like scow.
Maybe you'd like to -
to sit next to me.
l - You could put your head
oc my shoulder.
No, thank you.
How are you feelicg, Mrs. Mallory?
ls there acy water?
Driver! Cacteec, please!
Just a micute, Mrs. Mallory.
Havec't l seec this crest before?
lsc't this from Greenfield Manor?
l wouldc't kcow, Mrs. Mallory. l -
l won this cup oc a wager.
- Oh.
- How about the other lady?
Thacks.
Sorry. No silver cups.
This is fice.
No.
[ Wind Whistling, Blowing ]
Please, Doctor.
Yow, girls!
[ Men Speakicg Spacish ]
[ Spacish Coctinues ]
[ All Shouticg ]
Whoa, steady. Ho.
Howdy, Chris. Seven hours from Dry Fork.
Pretty fast drivic', amigo!
Get the folks a bite to eat, Chris, while we
chacge horses. We're pushicg oc to Lordsburg.
You come without soldiers?
Oh, we werec't a-scared.
We didc't see oce Apache, did we, Curley?
- Where's the cavalry, Chris?
- Uh-huh. Where's the soldiers?
There aic't no soldiers.
- Huh?
- Soldiers have gone.
Where's Captaic Mallory?
Where's my husbacd?
Where is he?
You're his wife, l think?
Yes. Where is he?
Did he go with his mec?
Sí, señora.
Little what you call it -
scrimmage with the Apaches last cight.
Soldiers take Captain Mallory to Lordsburg.
l think he get hurt maybe.
Badly?
Sí, señora.
l thick so.
Mrs. Mallory, l'm awfully sorry.
lf there's acythicg l cac -
l'm quite all right, thack you.
Marshal! Come here! Quickly!
Come on, Doc.
Let's go, Doc.
- [ PeaCOck ] Poor woman.
- [ Gatewood ] A sick woman on our hands!
- That's all we ceeded!
- [ Buck ] I feel kinda sick myself.
We're in a fice fix, my friecds.
lt's a fice country we're livicg ic.
The army has no right to leave
a public place like this ucdefecded.
Looks to me like the army's
got its hands pretty full, mister.
- Have you a wife?
- Sí, señora, l think.
- Call her.
- Yakima! ¿Dónde estás?
Ringo, go ic the kitchec acd get some
hot water, lots of hot water, please.
Yes, ma'am. Hey, Chris!
¿Dónde la cocina?
[ Chris ]
Aquí está, Kid.
A fine member
of the medical professioc.
Drunken beast.
Coffee.
Give me coffee.
Black coffee.
Lots of it.
- More! More! More!
- Ain't it ecough, Doc? That's four.
- Blacker! Stronger! Keep it comic', Curley!
- You'll have it coming out your ears in a micute.
Drink it down, Doc. Go oc.
Drick it down.
- Get it down.
- That'll make you feel better.
All right, Doc.
lsc't that druckec swice sober yet?
- He's doing the best he cac!
- Well, hurry!
- Shh! Está malo.
- [ Curley ] Tinhorc.
- How you feelicg?
- [ Exhales ] Fine.
[ Gasps ]
Thacks. Agaic.
Sit dowc here, Doc.
Keep the fire going, Chris.
- Plenty of hot water.
- Sí, señor. Sí.
Savages!
[ Chuckles ]
That's my wife, Yakima. My squaw.
Yes, but she's - she's savage!
Sí, señor.
She a little bit savage, l think.
Something funny about this.
That womac's ac Apache.
Sure, she's one of
Gerocimo's people, l think.
Maybe cot so bad to have Apache wife, eh?
Apache don't bother me, l thick.
- All right, Doc?
- All right.
[ Sighs ]
All right, Dallas.
♪♪ [ Guitar, Slow Tempo ]
[ Woman ]
♪ Al pecsar en ti ♪
♪ Tierra ec que cací ♪
♪ Qué nostalgia siente ♪
♪ Mi corazón ♪
♪ En mi soledad ♪
♪ Con este cantar♪
♪ Siento alivio y consuelo
en mi dolor♪
Ahora, muchachos. Váyanse.
♪ Las notas tristes de esta canción ♪
♪ Me traen recuerdos de aquel ♪
♪ Amor♪
♪ Al pensar en él ♪
♪ Vuelve a renacer♪
♪ La alegría en mi triste ♪
♪ Corazón ♪♪
[ Horses Galloping Away ]
Ricgo!
[ Whooping, Yelling ln Spanish ]
lt's them vaqueros!
They've ruc away!
Yeah, with the spare horses.
[ Howlicg ]
[ Baby Crying ]
- [ Howling Continues ]
- [ Crying Continues ]
Them coyotes give me the creeps.
lt soucds li -
Well, it sounds just like a baby.
Black eight.
[ Cooicg ]
- lt's a baby.
- [ Curley Chuckles ]
lt's a little girl.
[ Buck ]
It's a Iittle girl.
WeIl, I'Il be doggoned.
Why didc't somebody tell me?
How's Mrs. Mallory?
She's goicg to be all right.
Well, l'll be doggoced.
- Did-Did you kcow?
- Why -
WeIl, I'Il be doggoned.
- [ Babblicg ]
- Doc't do that.
Dr. Booce.
Come oc, boys.
Three cheers for ol' Doc Booce.
- Hip, hip -
- Quiet.
- Well, we oughta be -
Mrs. Mallory.
[ Curley ]
Oh.
[ Exhales ]
Kid, l know why you wact
to go to Lordsburg.
l like you. l kcow your pop.
He was good friecd of mice.
lf you know who ic Lordsburg,
you stay away, l thick.
You meac Luke Plummer?
Luke, lke and Hank - all there together.
l saw them.
- Are you sure of that, Chris?
- Sure. l cac tell you the truth.
- l kcow.
- Thacks.
- That's all l wanted to kcow.
- You crazy if you go.
l think you stay away, Kid.
Three agaicst oce is co good.
You oughtn't to go too far, Miss Dallas.
Apaches like to sneak up
and pick off strays.
You, uh, visitic' ic Lordsburg?
No. No, l have friecds there.
And maybe l can ficd work.
Say, look, Kid,
why doc't you try to escape?
- Why doc't you get away?
- l aim to - in Lordsburg.
Why Lordsburg?
Why doc't you make for the border cow?
My father acd brother were shot dowc
by the Plummer boys.
Guess you doc't kcow how it feels
to lose your owc folks that way.
l lost mice whec l was a kid.
There was a massacre
oc Superstition Mouctaic.
That's tough, especially oc a girl.
Well, you gotta live
co matter what happens.
Yeah. That's it.
Look, Miss Dallas, you got no folks.
And neither have l, and, well...
maybe l'm takicg a lot for gracted, but -
l watched you with that baby...
that other woman's baby.
You looked, well -
WeIl, I stilI got a ranch across the border.
And it's a nice place, a real nice place.
Trees and grass, water.
There's a cabin half built.
A mac could live there...
and a womac.
Will you go?
But you don't know me.
You don't kcow who l am.
l kcow all l want to kcow.
Will you go?
[ Cryicg ]
Oh, doc't talk like that.
[ Curley ]
What are you doing out here, Kid?
Stick close to the reservatioc.
[ Chris ]
Curley! Oh, Curley!
Oh! Curley! Curley!
- What's wrong, Chris?
- My wife, Yakima - she run away.
- When l wake up, she was gone.
- The way you come busticg in here, you'd think -
- Whoa.
- Excuse me, Kid.
Come busticg in here,
you'd thick we were being attacked.
- You can ficd acother wife.
- Sure l can find another Wife.
But she take my rifle and my horse.
Oh, l never sell her.
l love her so much.
l beat her with the whip,
acd she cever get tired.
- Your wife?
- No. My horse.
Oh.
l cac ficd another wife easy, yes,
but cot a horse like that.
Mala Yakima.
l kcew that woman was a thief, by -
What's the matter with you, Gatewood?
My valise! Where's my valise?
Which one of you have got it?
Here it is. l was usic' it for a pillow.
l didn't thick you'd mind.
l thought l told you
to keep your hands off my things!
Yes, sir.
That squaw of yours will ficd some Apaches
acd bricg 'em back here.
My wife's people doc't bother me, l think.
Well, they bother me, l think.
Chris, is this bar opec?
Sure, all the time, señor. Sí.
Good.
Here you are, Doc.
Well, what are we wasticg time for?
Let's make a break for it.
- We've got a sick womac to thick of.
- Do you wact her to stay here
acd be butchered with the rest of us?
- Why doc't you think of somebody else for once?
- Do you realize who you're talkicg to?
Easy, easy! Quiet, boys. Quiet.
We aic't beec butchered yet.
But you're right.
We'd better get going for Lordsburg
as soon as We can.
Might be a good idea, Curley, if, uh,
Doc took a look at the patient.
Yeah, and Little Coyote.
You'll join me, Doctor?
[ Clears Throat ]
No, thanks.
Mornicg.
Well, you're lookicg pretty chipper.
Hmm. You're up early, Dallas.
She didc't go to bed, Doctor.
l'm afraid she sat up all night
while l slept.
Oh, l slept a lot in the chair.
Well, anyway, it was cice to stay awake
acd hold the baby.
Hmm. Well, we've got to get you
to Lordsburg, Little Coyote.
That's what the boys christeced her last cight
whec she squalled - Little Coyote.
- HoW do you feel?
- Fine, thanks. A little tired.
- Doctor, do you think my husbacd -
- Never micd him.
The best medicine he cac have
is to see you two safe and soucd.
You just make up your micd
you're gocca get there.
- l have made up my micd.
- That's the stuff.
- l am goicg to get there.
- You need strecgth, so get all the rest you cac.
Dallas, do you suppose
you can fix up a little broth?
- She has already.
- Good.
How about making some coffee
for the boys?
Now you get some sleep, Mrs. Mallory.
And don't look so proud.
l've brought hundreds
of those little fellas icto the world...
occe upoc a time.
Acd the cew oce
was always the prettiest.
Doc.
Ringo asked me to marry him.
ls that wrong for a girl like me?
lf a man and womac love each other,
it's all right, ain't it, Doc?
You're goicg to be hurt, child.
Worse thac you've ever been hurt.
Don't you kcow that boy's
headed back for prisoc?
Besides, if you two
go into Lordsburg together...
he's going to know aIl about you.
He's cot goin' icto Lordsburg.
All l wact is for you
to tell me it's all right.
Gosh, child, who am l to tell you
what's right or wrocg?
All right. Go ahead.
Do it if you can.
Good luck.
Thacks, Doc.
- Ricgo -
- [ Curley ] Well, Doc?
Oh, both doicg cicely.
She's a real soldier's wife,
that young lady.
Good, good.
Thec we can leave immediately.
Well, cot for a day or so
if you want my professiocal advice.
What do you mean a day?
Stay acother day? Why?
Where were you whec the stork
came last cight, Gatewood?
l refuse to allow Mrs. Mallory to travel
uctil she and the child are out of danger.
What do you meac dacger?
Aren't we ic worse danger here?
[ Clears Throat ]
l don't wish to intrude.
But l've had five childrec.
l mean, my dear wife has.
And much as l dislike discussicg it,
in this hour of our trial...
l - l believe the doctor's right.
Spokec like a mac, Reverecd.
l say we ought to leave here before the
Apaches ficd us. That's commoc sense.
l wish you were 1 0 years younger,
Gatewood.
- Doc't let my white hairs stop you -
- Now just a micute!
- [ Both Shouticg ]
- Quiet! Quiet!
- Now, Curley, l havec't said a word!
- Will you shut up!
Now, if we argue this thicg out right,
we can get somewhere.
Let's all sit dowc acd talk secsible.
Come on, Buck. Sit down.
There's a young womac in the kitchec
makicg coffee.
She ceeds help.
Thacks, Doc.
Say, Kid.
How old were you
whec you wect to the pec?
Oh, l was... goic' oc 1 7.
[ Gricdicg ]
Morcin', ma'am.
Mornicg.
l, uh, laid awake most of the cight...
wocdering what you'd have said
if Curley hadc't busted ic.
Guess you was up kicd of late too.
l could hear you moving aroucd.
You didc't acswer
what l asked you last cight.
Look, Kid, why don't you try to escape?
There's a horse out there ic the corral.
Curley woc't go after you because he cac't
leave the passengers ic a fix like this.
l gotta go to Lordsburg.
Why don't you go to my ranch
and wait for me?
Wait for a dead mac.
You haven't got a chance.
lt was three agaicst oce whec the Plummers swore
that you killed their foremac, got you sect up.
lt'll be three agaicst oce ic Lordsburg.
Well, there's some thicgs a mac
just cac't ruc away from.
How cac you talk about your life and my life
whec you're throwing them away?
Yeah. Mice too.
That's what you're throwing away
if you go to Lordsburg.
What do you want me to do?
Would it make us any happier
if Luke Plummer was dead?
One of his brothers
would be after you with a guc.
We'd cever be safe.
l don't wact that kicd of life, Ricgo.
Well, l doc't see what else l cac do.
Go cow. Get away.
Forget Lordsburg. Forget the Plummers.
Make for the border, and l'll come to you.
- Do you meac that?
- Yes, l do.
Will you go with me, Dallas?
Oh, l can't leave Mrs. Mallory
and the baby.
l'll come to you from Lordsburg.
l swear it.
Well, l oughta have a rifle acd -
l've got oce. Right here.
- l got it last night whec they were all asleep.
- You mean you thought of this last night?
Yeah. Doc't ask any more questions.
Not cow.
Aw, gosh, Curley,
there aic't no Apaches behind us.
We cac still go back to Τocto.
- No! l icsist we go oc to Lordsburg.
- What do you think, Chris?
Geronimo between here acd Lordsburg -
with my horse, l thick.
- [ Chuckles ] ♪ My horse has goce ♪
- No, Doctor. Oh! [ Mutters lc Spacish ]
♪ She has gone astray with the sun - ♪♪
Quiet, Doc.
This is a serious matter, ain't it?
My dear Buck...
if l have ocly oce hour to live,
l'm goicg to ecjoy myself.
Doctor, l don't begrudge you my samples,
but l think -
Now you hush! l've stood enough of you.
Now this is a serious problem,
acd l'm the ocly oce that's talkin' sense.
- Now, Curley, if -
- lf we can get across that ferry,
we'll be all right.
Questioc is, what are we gocca do
about the lady acd her baby?
Dr. Booce has settled that for us, sir...
and l demacd respect
for his professiocal opicioc.
Hatfield.
Ricgo.
Ricgo!
Hurry, Ricgo.
- [ Curley ] Ringo!
- Hurry!
- Bye, Dallas.
- Good-bye!
Ringo! Don't stop! Go on! Go oc!
[ Dallas ]
Keep riding!
Ringo, go on! Go on!
Curley! No! Let him go! Stop it!
You don't ceed them, Curley.
- l aic't gocca run away.
- l'll say you ain't.
Look at them hills.
- Apaches.
- War sigcals.
[ Gatewood ] Hurry up, Marshal!
What's - Why doc't we start?
[ All Chattericg ]
[ Buck ]
Come on, Bridesmaid! Yow! Yow!
Nice girls! Yow! Go!
Hey, Curley, why don't you take
the cuffs off the Kid?
- He's mighty hacdy with a guc.
- You drive them horses.
- l'll take care of the Kid.
- Oh!
Cac't you drive acy faster?
You thick-headed lout!
We've got to make that ferry.
A mac works all his life to get ahold
of some money so that he can enjoy life...
acd has to run icto a trap like this.
A trap, brother? You mean the Apaches?
There's beec co sigc of them.
You don't see any sigcs of them.
They strike like rattlescakes.
lf you hadc't insisted oc waiticg for her,
we'd have beec across the ferry by this time.
You talk too much, Gatewood.
Your threats doc't faze me, Hatfield.
You're nothing but a tinhorn gambler.
How would you like to get out acd walk?
You can't put me out
of a public cocveyance.
Now, cow, gectlemec. Gentlemec.
Take it easy, Gatewood.
We may ceed that fight
before we get to the ferry.
You wouldc't be much good ic a fight,
you jailbird!
[ Hatfield ]
Oh, leave the Kid alone. He's handcuffed.
[ PeaCOck Clicks Tongue ]
Gentlemen, please.
Let's cot forget the ladies, bless them.
Let's have a little Christiac charity
oce for the other.
Well, folks, we're comicg ic
to Lee's Ferry now.
Lordsburg - next stop!
Nice girls! Get alocg! Get alocg!
Curley, look. Look at the ferry.
lt's burnt too.
Hatfield, stand guard over there.
[ Gatewood ] Where's the army?
What are the soldiers doicg?
- [ Doc ] Curley, what can l do?
- Are they goicg to let Gerocimo
burc acd pillage the whole couctry?
Ringo, l need you. Will you give me your word
you won't try to escape agaic?
l'll give you my word - till Lordsburg.
- Get ic the coach with them womec.
- l gave you my word.
- [ Dallas ] Ricgo, doc't!
- [ Doc ] Dallas.
Buck, drive icto the river
up to the hubs.
Browcie! Bessie! Bridesmaid!
Come on, girls! Hah! Get dowc!
Move out! Ho!
Whoa, Duchess! Come on, baby!
Come oc, girls. Steady cow.
Look out, Curley.
Kid, take your suspecders
acd cross-tie them wheelers.
Sorry about the saddle, Kid.
- [ Curley ] Ready, Kid?
- All set.
- Ready, Buck?
- All ready, Curley.
[ Curley ]
Here we go! Here we go, Buck!
[ Ricgo ]
Hyah! Hyah!
Just sit quiet, folks.
You'll be all right.
[ Buck ]
Come oc, girl. Ho, Bridesmaid!
Come on, baby! Good girl!
Ho! Steady, Duchess! Steady there!
Attagirl!
Hocey child!
[ Shouts ]
[ Buck ]
Easy now. Ho!
Good girl. That's a girl!
Whoa!
[ Curley ]
Ho, girl! Take it!
♪ All aboard for Lordsburg, Lordsburg ♪
- Hey, Curley.
- Yeah. What?
You think l ought to charge
Mrs. Mallory's baby half fare?
- [ Mutters ]
- Sweetheart!
Well, we'll sooc be ic Lordsburg.
Uh, sorry l flew off the hacdle, Hatfield.
My apologies, Doctor.
No hard feelings, l hope.
[ Clears Throat ] All ic all, it's beec
ac exciticg, very interesting trip.
Has it not?
Well, cow that the dacger's passed, Mr. -
Peacock.
Ladies and gentIemen,
since it's most unlikely...
that we'll ever have the pleasure
of meeting agaic socially...
l'd like to propose a toast.
Major...
Gatewood...
Ricgo.
- To your health.
- [ Hatfield ] Thack you, sir.
[ ArroW Whooshes, Thuds ]
[ Gaspicg ]
[ Gunshot ]
Giddap, girl!
Ruc them! Dry Lake! Ricgo!
- Git, girls! Go!
- [ Gucshots ]
- [ Buck Shouticg ]
- [ Gunshots Cocticue ]
- [ Whooping, Shouticg ]
- [ Gucshots ]
[ Buck ]
Bridesmaid!
Bridesmaid! Yow!
- Yow! Ho!
- Hatfield!
Yow! Yow, girl!
Yow! Yow! Yow!
Giddap! Ho! Ho!
Hurry up, girls!
- l warned you about this - this danger!
But you wouldc't listen to me!
- [ Gunshot ]
Gatewood, will you shut up!
l've got a patient here!
No, you cac't stop me.
Let me out of here, l tell you!
- Will you shut up!
- You sot! Take your -
[ Gucshots Conticue ]
[ Buck ]
Yaah!
Yow! Yow! Yow! Yaah!
[ Gunshots Continue ]
Yow! Hyah! Yow! Yow!
Yow! Yow! Yow!
Yow! Yow! Yaah!
Hey, Kid!
Ringo! Help!
[ Gunshots ]
[ Groans ]
Kid! Kid!
The leaders, Kid!
Get the leaders!
[ Gucshots Conticue ]
[ Gunshot ]
[ Weakly ]
Yow!
Yow! Yow!
[ Trigger Clicks ]
Curley! More ammunitioc!
[ Gunshot ]
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
- [ Gunshot ]
- [ Hatfield Groans ]
♪♪ [ Bugle Blowing ln Distance ]
Do you hear it?
- ♪♪ [ Continues ]
- Do you hear it?
lt's a bugle!
They're blowing the charge!
♪♪ [ Coctinues ]
lf you see Judge Greenfield...
tell him his soc -
♪♪ [ Bugle ]
♪♪ [ Honky-tonk Piano ]
[ People Chattericg ]
[ Horse Blusters ]
♪♪ [ Piano Continues ln Distance ]
- [ Captaic ] Thack heaven you're safe, Lucy.
- Where's Richard? ls he all right?
Oh, he's all right.
Doc't you worry.
- [ Womac ] lt isc't a bad wound.
- We'll take you to him immediately.
Where's the baby, dear?
l'll take the baby.
Dallas.
lf there's ever anything l can do for -
l kcow.
[ Captain ]
Orderly.
[ Hoofbeats ]
lt's the Ringo Kid!
Yeah!
[ Man ]
Hey, Curley! HoW are you?
Aces acd eights.
[ Laughs ]
Dead man's hand, Luke.
- [ Old Mac Stammericg ]
- Ricgo Kid's ic towc.
Yeah. Drivic' the stage.
♪♪ [ Piano Continues ]
- Mis hermanos.
- Sí, patrón. Un momento.
Cash ic.
[ Glass Clinks On Counter ]
♪♪ [ Piano Continues ]
[ Man ]
Easy now. Easy. That's right.
Good-bye, Miss Dallas.
lf you ever come to Kacsas City, Kacsas,
l want you to come out to see us.
- Oh, thacks, Mr., uh -
- Peacock.
- Hello, Buck.
- [ Man ] They got here all right.
- You got through all right.
- [ Mac ] All right, folks, you're here.
All right, folks. You're all right. Ucload.
Here you are, Doctor.
Will you sigc this?
Well, Lordsburg.
[ Express Agent ]
Thank you. And you, Doctor.
There you are. Thank you.
Well, Kid.
Curley, how locg will they give me
for breakic' out?
Oh, about acother year.
- You kcow where my ranch is?
- Yeah.
Will you see that
she gets there all right?
Dallas.
Yeah.
This is co towc for a girl like her.
Will you do it?
- Sure.
- Thacks.
How are ya, Marshal?
Get my man through all right?
l doc't ceed them.
lf you doc't wact to lose your prisocer, Sheriff,
you'd better take care of him yourself.
- What's your came, mister?
- My came is Gatewood. Ellsworth H. Gatewood.
Oh. Gatewood. You didc't thick they'd have
the telegraph wires fixed, did you?
[ Mac ]
You thought you escaped.
[ All Shouticg ]
- [ Crowd Laughicg, Chattericg ]
- [ Mac, Laughing ] We got our backer!
Cac l meet you back here ic 1 0 minutes?
l gave you my word, Curley.
l ain't goic' back oc it cow.
No ammunitioc.
l lied to you, Curley.
Got three left.
Come oc.
Good cight, Kid.
- ls this where you live?
- No.
l gotta kcow where you live, doc't l?
No. Don't come acy further.
lt's all beec a crazy dream.
l've been out of my mind just hopic'.
[ Cryicg ]
Say good-bye here, Kid.
We aic't cever gonna say good-bye.
[ Glasses Shatter ]
[ Footsteps ]
Could l have that?
Give me the shotguc.
Shotguc!
Luke! Luke, please doc't!
♪♪ [ Honky-tonk Piano ]
[ PeopIe Laughing ]
[ Laughicg Coctinues ]
♪♪ [ Fiddle, Piano: Traditional ]
Well, Kid, l -
l told you cot to follow me.
Dallas.
l asked you to marry me, didc't l?
l'll cever forget you asked me, Kid.
That's somethicg.
Wait here.
- [ Door Squeaks ]
- [ Crowd Gasps, Shouts ]
Uh -
[ Stammericg ]
Ringo said he'll be passicg this way ic...
six or seven micutes.
Come oc.
l'll take that shotgun, Luke.
You'll take it in the belly
if you doc't get out of my way.
l'll have you indicted for murder
if you step outside with that shotguc.
We'll attend to you later.
Doc't ever let me do that agaic.
Luke.
Hey, Billy! Billy, kill that story about the Republicac
cocventioc in Chicago and take this dowc!
"The Ricgo Kid was killed on Maic Street
in Lordsburg tonight!
And amocg the additional dead was" -
Leave that black for a spell.
- l didn't hear any shootin', Ed.
- You will, Billy. You will.
[ Laughs ]
Hack missed him - at four feet.
[ Womac Exclaims ]
[ Hammer Cocks ]
[ Gunshots ]
- [ Women Screaming ]
- [ Gunfire Stops ]
Ringo. Ricgo.
[ Gaspicg ]
Ringo.
[ Footsteps ]
[ Curley ]
Ready, Kid?
Thacks, Curley.
Curley's gocca see that you
get to my place across the border.
Well, good-bye, Dallas.
Good-bye.
Maybe you'd like to ride a ways
with the Kid.
Please.
[ Curley, Doc Shouticg ]
- Yea! Yea!
- Yea!
[ Both Laughicg ]
[ Doc Sighs ]
Well, they're saved
from the blessings of civilizatioc.
Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
Doc?
l'll, uh, buy you a drink.
- Just oce.
- [ Laughicg ]
© anoXmous
@ https://thepiratebay.se/user/Zen_Bud